• A fleet cannot contain more than one card with the same unique                                 • A commander card can be equipped to any non-flotilla ship of the
  name, even if those cards are of different types.                                                appropriate faction.
• A fleet cannot contain more than one unique squadron with the                                  • If a ship’s upgrade card is discarded, it is flipped facedown but remains
  same completely-italicized squadron type, even if those cards have                               equipped for the purposes of scoring.
  different names.
                                                                                                 • On upgrade card effects, the term “you” refers to the ship that the
  Example: Allison adds Lando Calrissian’s Millennium Falcon card to                               upgrade is equipped to.
  her fleet. Allison cannot also add Han Solo’s Millennium Falcon card.
                                                                                                 • An exhausted upgrade card cannot be exhausted again.
  However, Allison can add both Luke Skywalker and Wedge Antilles’
  X-wing Squadron cards to her fleet.                                                            • Upgrade cards are readied during the Status Phase.

Related Topics: Fleet Building, Upgrade Cards


UPGRADE CARDS
When building a fleet, upgrade cards can be equipped to ships by
adding their fleet point costs to the total fleet point cost. For each
upgrade icon in a ship’s upgrade bar, it may equip one upgrade card
with the matching upgrade icon.

• Equipped upgrade cards are placed next to the ship card to which

                                                             © LFL © FFG
  they are equipped.
• A Rebel ship cannot equip an Imperial or other faction’s upgrade
  card, and an Imperial ship cannot equip a Rebel or other faction’s
                                                                  •darTh vader
  upgrade card. A card’s faction affiliation, if any, is indicated by the
  faction’s symbol to the left of the fleet point cost.           When you reveal a
                                                                             command, you may
  ◊ Some cards have a dual faction affiliation, indicated by a   splita O dial or token
                                                            discard
    faction symbol that shows both of the factions that cardand   this card to choose
                                                               is affiliated
                                                              1 enemy ship at close
    with. A ship of either of those factions can equip that card.
                                                                range. Choose and
                                                                           discard 1 non-T upgrade
• Some upgrade cards have more than one                                        card equipped to
  upgrade icon. For each group of these icons                                        that ship.
  in a ship’s upgrade bar, it may equip one                                                              3
  upgrade card with the matching upgrade icons.
  That group of icons cannot be used to equip
                                                             Upgrade Card with
  additional upgrade cards.
                                                               Multiple Icons
• Some upgrade cards have a restriction trait that
  limits them to being taken by certain ships. A ship cannot equip an
  upgrade card if that ship does not match that restriction trait, even if
  that ship has the correct upgrade icon or icons in its upgrade bar.
  ◊ A ship cannot have more than one upgrade card with the
    “Modification” trait.
  ◊ A ship cannot equip an upgrade card if that ship is not of a size
    class specified by that upgrade card’s size restriction trait.
  ◊ A ship cannot equip an upgrade card with the flagship restriction
    trait if that ship is not the flagship.
  ◊ A ship cannot equip an upgrade card if that ship lacks a trait

                                                             © LFL © FFG
    matching that upgrade card’s ship-trait restriction trait. Some ships
    have traits listed on the back of their ship cards.
• A title card can be equipped to a ship only if the ship and thestitle
                                                                  evenTh FleeT
  card share the same ship icon.                                sTar desTroyer
                                                                              “Star Destroyer” only.
  ◊ Some title cards have an icon in the lower-left corner that     does not
                                                               While defending against an
    match a specific ship icon. A ship can equip this upgrade       card
                                                               attack that if
                                                                           targets your front
                                                               hull zone, before you suffer
    that ship matches this card’s faction affiliation and the damage,
                                                               ship’s you
                                                                        name may choose and
    matches this upgrade card’s name-restriction trait.         exhaust a copy of this card
                                                                on another friendly ship at
                                                                            distance 1–4 to reduce the
  ◊ Some title cards have a restriction trait that                              total damage by 1.
    limits them to being taken by certain ship
    cards. A ship cannot equip an upgrade card if                                                        5
    that ship’s name does not match the upgrade
    card’s name-restriction trait, even if its ship                Name-Restricted
    silhouette does match the silhouette on the                      Title Card
    upgrade card.
  ◊ A ship cannot have more than one title card.



                                                                                                                                                                         21
